my truly chef Bradley Jordan Newman
Martin buyer we're standing here with
another plumber where's the dirt nitro
challenge running them for a brand new
car here for the first time first day
with the serpent sa-11 truggy for
mercury and looks like you're walking
into a vein yeah it's not good
chuckles pretty promising all day it's
kind of missing a few things here and
there for that last round I think we we
got it on the setup and kind of went
back to you know working and working of
the team and talking to Paul Jicarilla a
lot and been given as you know bounce
ideas off each other and I think it
finally came together there and the last
round the truck was awesome and kind of
just put enough salt for Saul it's safe
runs to get a five to put it in the main
so I'm really accurately and you haven't
been with serpent brawl that long and
it's kind of been a crash course we saw
you with the SRX two bit runner buggy a
3d race and now you're here you've got
the you know the eight scale but you the
eight scale electric buggy you're
running truggy it's kind of all over the
place how tough has it been to learn all
your vehicles it's been tough it's it's
been fun I have enjoyed it and the cars
are awesome to work with the parts
quality is unbelievable on the cars and
you know being able to work with a
quality product like that I I couldn't
be happier with that it has been a
little challenging and you know the cars
the cars are pretty good out of the box
but just to to learn the option and
learn what does what with the new cards
it's been good in the short little time
pulling around the Nitro and a scale
stuff for about three weeks so three
weeks to learn three cars is very very
quick crash course and you said you got
a good team behind me and they've been
trying to get me up to speed as fast as
possible and for the first race out I'm
all happy with you know putting in the
main I think was a very good
accomplishment for the first race out
we'll see Saturday I mean I feel
real confident and hopefully can run
upfront those guys I was gonna ask me we
saw pictures of your painted bodies on
Facebook a couple of days ago how much
have you really run the truggy before
today
trucky around a few days uh obviously
focused mostly on the a scale car and
actually did a lot of uh two steps
forward three steps back with that thing
and which i expected if you know what
the new cars wanted to try it wouldn't
want i got the cars the team kind of
wanted me to go and see what i thought
in my own as my own without any input
just to see if we can learn something
there and we'd learned some some things
and then also learn some things that
were bad so after we all came together
you know pretty much last week is now
where we're at now so it's a like you
said crash course and this weekend to me
is a really good learning weekend for
sure any keep mentioning it's a whole
team aspect though we went got you out
of the serpent tent here you actually
had a serpent USA founder I guess
Joaquin de Soto working on your electric
buggy so the small team but it seems
like you guys don't work really closely
together yeah definitely it's definitely
more of a it's kind of how I started you
know back in the day it's more of them
some mom-and-pop feel and it's more you
know that's a smaller core group of guys
and everybody works together well and if
you don't get caught up in the melee and
you know the big-time stuff which is uh
which is good and I think that's where
everybody that does this you know in
this industry and in this hobby that's
kind of what you do it for you do it you
know a lot of you know fathers sons and
the family thing and it's worth it just
makes it back to the bringing it back
bringing me back to my roots so in that
sense I'm I couldn't be happier and when
16 points head into the pie
on Saturday for truggy we pan over
thinking that you might meet somewhere
in the top half of the grid but we'll
see what it is at the end all out of
shape
and they have allows all that traffic
that he did get by to be back in front
again so how nice will they be we got
here teemo's erasings dakota fen here i
had a pretty good to run today in pro
truck you know start third overall in
the main it's gotta feel pretty good
yeah for sure my man had a good first
round started second just missed TQ and
then this last round like another second
is missing TQ so I should start a third
and that would make a good position in
the main and just get a clean start and
work with it from there and then you
gonna be starting behind the tie
testament Jared Tebow two former winners
of this race but you're still looking
for that big breakthrough nitro win yeah
I know it'll be really fun I haven't
done the best here in the past so
hopefully I can pull it together for
this year but I'm just gonna try and
stay behind them and just stay
consistent that make any mistakes and
wait for them to make mistakes and you
haven't been that nearly as many of
these major challenge races a lot of the
other drivers but in the couple that you
have how do you think this track layout
compares this track is awesome it's a
lot of fun there's a lot more lanes than
usual and there's a lot of big jumps and
it's a lot more technical it's a lot of
fun and are you looking forward to
buggy tomorrow I mean we know that you
know you drive the a 3.0 really well
yeah for sure we haven't got to drive it
since yesterday for practice slow be
interesting going back out there with a
track that's a lot rougher with buggy
but I mean everyone's in the same boat
but it'll be a lot of fun for sure how
much did the track change from the first
round today you said it you know it got
rougher since practice yesterday I mean
it's got quite a bit rougher but I don't
know the big thing to is now they're not
watering so it's been pretty dry the
glass two rounds so that makes a big
difference too
and did you have to make all I changes
to your truck throughout qualifying
today because of those varying track
conditions and do you have plans to make
changes to your buggy for tomorrow I
didn't make any changes for truggy but I
think the big thing tomorrow will just
be the temperature with oils and stuff
like that just getting that right for
you know in the morning it'll be hotter
and then later at night for the second
round and the third round it'll be a lot
cooler out and then you've got both your
dad your mom here this weekend and
helping you out and thank your dad's
back there
crashing on your electric buggy now how
much does it help having them here um it
means a lot I mean they come in every
age they can and my dad uses all this
vacation they come to all these races
and my mom's always here I was supported
that it really is helpful now I know
they will see me do well I do we
congratulations good luck thank you
we'll see if anybody else to be ended
with a forty-three one
new fast lap of the race 43 186 40
though in that Kyosho